so where's Mike oh he's with the doctor
he didn't poop the whole time over there
June I wasn't supposed to tell you that
and I mean okay he's at a gig a gig we
are definitely not going to you should
take it to a museum please slogan here
Chandler say over and over again you
call this art I can make that it was a
tower of sponges we can get that Rachel
back in here knocked up anymore my
daughter's lately no just the one job
okay
by the way Ross has been of great
comfort but you know what I'm gonna go
home and get you a bunch of your staff
so that you're really comfortable oh
thank you sweetheart it's pretty ironic
huh of you being a heart surgeon and you
had a heart attack it would be like if I
was eaten by an Allosaurus
you know I'm gonna wait outside it's
pretty much out thanks so much for
taking me to all those places had a
great time
oh I'm glad listen I want to apologize
about Chandler though I just did not see
this coming
New York is awesome what is with you
yeah I've been to these places before
but I've never really seen them you know
yeah you miss a lot when you're mooing
let's go to a Broadway show cats I think
you've done enough hi these are actors
dressed like cats who sing like people
honey come on
hi Joe do you speak French to tell us
more that's not French please play pool
pool neither is that
you know what I think this audition is
over